README.md, before:

# 100DaysOfKubernetesJourney
![Kubernetes](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/67/Kubernetes_logo.svg/798px-Kubernetes_logo.svg.png)

## Dean's Kubernetes Journey

### Your Social
- [✍️ Find me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/saintdle)
- [✍️ Find me on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saintdle)
- [✍️ Find me on Blogging](https://veducate.co.uk)

## Stepping out the door

- [ ] ☸ 1 > [Building a docker container, push to Docker Hub and link to GitHub repo](Journey/001/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 2 > [Small bit of CKA study and just collecting useful links](Journey/002/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 3 > [More reading and planning for some edits to Pac-Man NodeJS app](Journey/003/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 4 > [KubeCon Europe - Cloud Native Data Management Day!](Journey/004/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 5 > [KubeCon Europe - Day 1 and Using Visual Code with GitHub and getting verified commits to GitHub](Journey/005/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 6 > [KubeCon Europe Day 2 - Accessing Kubernetes platform data from within a pod](Journey/006/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 7 > [Understanding the VMware Tanzu terminology - General Kubernetes reading including Pod Security Policy](Journey/007/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 8 > [Getting started to build EKS Custers](Journey/008/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 9 > [Getting started with Tanzu Mission Control and beyond](Journey/009/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 10 > [Postman lost my work - Understanding JSON Path - General Kubernetes reading](Journey/010/Readme.md)

## Walking down the road

- [ ] ☸ 11 > [Runecast Analyzer for Kubernetes - KubeCon wrap up reading](Journey/011/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 12 > [Deploying AWS EKS Clusters using VMware vRealize Automation](Journey/012/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 13 > [Working with TMC API and some container file fixes - YouTube videos and a podcast recording starring me!](Journey/013/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 14 > [Kubernetes Finalizers](Journey/014/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 15 > [](Journey/015/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 16 > [](Journey/016/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 17 > [Something new using the same idea! Deploy Azure AKS clusters using vRA](Journey/017/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 18 > [](Journey/018/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 19 > [](Journey/019/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 20 > [](Journey/020/Readme.md)

## Crossing the bridge

- [ ] ☸ 21 > [](Journey/021/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 22 > [](Journey/022/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 23 > [](Journey/023/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 24 > [](Journey/024/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 25 > [](Journey/025/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 26 > [](Journey/026/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 27 > [](Journey/027/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 28 > [](Journey/028/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 29 > [](Journey/029/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 30 > [](Journey/030/Readme.md)

## Into the bushy, thorny forest

- [ ] ☸ 31 > [](Journey/031/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 32 > [](Journey/032/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 33 > [](Journey/033/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 34 > [](Journey/034/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 35 > [](Journey/035/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 36 > [](Journey/036/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 37 > [](Journey/037/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 38 > [](Journey/038/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 39 > [](Journey/039/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 40 > [](Journey/040/Readme.md)

## Trekking the dunes

- [ ] ☸ 41 > [](Journey/041/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 42 > [](Journey/042/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 43 > [](Journey/043/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 44 > [](Journey/044/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 45 > [](Journey/045/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 46 > [](Journey/046/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 47 > [](Journey/047/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 48 > [](Journey/048/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 49 > [](Journey/049/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 50 > [](Journey/050/Readme.md)

## Winding through the canyons

- [ ] ☸ 51 > [](Journey/051/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 52 > [](Journey/052/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 53 > [](Journey/053/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 54 > [](Journey/054/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 55 > [](Journey/055/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 56 > [](Journey/056/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 57 > [](Journey/057/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 58 > [](Journey/058/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 59 > [](Journey/059/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 60 > [](Journey/060/Readme.md)

## Stumbling through the caves

- [ ] ☸ 61 > [](Journey/061/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 62 > [](Journey/062/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 63 > [](Journey/063/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 64 > [](Journey/064/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 65 > [](Journey/065/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 66 > [](Journey/066/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 67 > [](Journey/067/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 68 > [](Journey/068/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 69 > [](Journey/069/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 70 > [](Journey/070/Readme.md)

## Resting at the Lagoon

- [ ] ☸ 71 > [](Journey/071/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 72 > [](Journey/072/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 73 > [](Journey/073/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 74 > [](Journey/074/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 75 > [](Journey/075/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 76 > [](Journey/076/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 77 > [](Journey/077/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 78 > [](Journey/078/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 79 > [](Journey/079/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 80 > [](Journey/080/Readme.md)

## Deep into the trenches

- [ ] ☸ 81 > [](Journey/081/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 82 > [](Journey/082/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 83 > [](Journey/083/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 84 > [](Journey/084/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 85 > [](Journey/085/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 86 > [](Journey/086/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 87 > [](Journey/087/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 88 > [](Journey/088/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 89 > [](Journey/089/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 90 > [](Journey/090/Readme.md)

## Into the deep sea!

- [ ] ☸ 91 > [](Journey/091/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 92 > [](Journey/092/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 93 > [](Journey/093/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 94 > [](Journey/094/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 95 > [](Journey/095/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 96 > [](Journey/096/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 97 > [](Journey/097/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 98 > [](Journey/098/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 99 > [](Journey/099/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 100 > [](Journey/100/Readme.md)

Commit message:

collated updates and updated main readme for new updates

README.md, after:

# 100DaysOfKubernetesJourney
![Kubernetes](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/67/Kubernetes_logo.svg/798px-Kubernetes_logo.svg.png)

## Dean's Kubernetes Journey

````Update: 1st November 2021``` So I managed to get around 14 days in before I broke my update streak and found it hard to return. That was 3 months ago... oops. 

So instead of producing 100 days of consecutive every day updates. I'm instead going to just release an update consecutively when I have them, some days it will be one after the other, other days it could be a few days or more apart.
### Your Social
- [✍️ Find me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/saintdle)
- [✍️ Find me on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saintdle)
- [✍️ Find me on Blogging](https://veducate.co.uk)

## Stepping out the door

- [ ] ☸ 1 > [Building a docker container, push to Docker Hub and link to GitHub repo](Journey/001/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 2 > [Small bit of CKA study and just collecting useful links](Journey/002/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 3 > [More reading and planning for some edits to Pac-Man NodeJS app](Journey/003/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 4 > [KubeCon Europe - Cloud Native Data Management Day!](Journey/004/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 5 > [KubeCon Europe - Day 1 and Using Visual Code with GitHub and getting verified commits to GitHub](Journey/005/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 6 > [KubeCon Europe Day 2 - Accessing Kubernetes platform data from within a pod](Journey/006/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 7 > [Understanding the VMware Tanzu terminology - General Kubernetes reading including Pod Security Policy](Journey/007/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 8 > [Getting started to build EKS Custers](Journey/008/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 9 > [Getting started with Tanzu Mission Control and beyond](Journey/009/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 10 > [Postman lost my work - Understanding JSON Path - General Kubernetes reading](Journey/010/Readme.md)

## Walking down the road

- [ ] ☸ 11 > [Runecast Analyzer for Kubernetes - KubeCon wrap up reading](Journey/011/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 12 > [Deploying AWS EKS Clusters using VMware vRealize Automation](Journey/012/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 13 > [Working with TMC API and some container file fixes - YouTube videos and a podcast recording starring me!](Journey/013/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 14 > [Kubernetes Finalizers](Journey/014/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 15 > [Kubernetes Labels and Annotations](Journey/015/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 16 > [Exploring Tanzu Build Services and re-building my Pac-Man Demo Container](Journey/016/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 17 > [Something new using the same idea! Deploy Azure AKS clusters using vRA](Journey/017/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 18 > [Work on Project Pace - Local installation of Kubernetes and Deploy an app and protect it with Kasten](Journey/018/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 19 > [](Journey/019/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 20 > [](Journey/020/Readme.md)

## Crossing the bridge

- [ ] ☸ 21 > [](Journey/021/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 22 > [](Journey/022/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 23 > [](Journey/023/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 24 > [](Journey/024/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 25 > [](Journey/025/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 26 > [](Journey/026/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 27 > [](Journey/027/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 28 > [](Journey/028/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 29 > [](Journey/029/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 30 > [](Journey/030/Readme.md)

## Into the bushy, thorny forest

- [ ] ☸ 31 > [](Journey/031/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 32 > [](Journey/032/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 33 > [](Journey/033/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 34 > [](Journey/034/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 35 > [](Journey/035/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 36 > [](Journey/036/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 37 > [](Journey/037/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 38 > [](Journey/038/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 39 > [](Journey/039/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 40 > [](Journey/040/Readme.md)

## Trekking the dunes

- [ ] ☸ 41 > [](Journey/041/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 42 > [](Journey/042/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 43 > [](Journey/043/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 44 > [](Journey/044/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 45 > [](Journey/045/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 46 > [](Journey/046/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 47 > [](Journey/047/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 48 > [](Journey/048/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 49 > [](Journey/049/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 50 > [](Journey/050/Readme.md)

## Winding through the canyons

- [ ] ☸ 51 > [](Journey/051/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 52 > [](Journey/052/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 53 > [](Journey/053/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 54 > [](Journey/054/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 55 > [](Journey/055/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 56 > [](Journey/056/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 57 > [](Journey/057/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 58 > [](Journey/058/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 59 > [](Journey/059/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 60 > [](Journey/060/Readme.md)

## Stumbling through the caves

- [ ] ☸ 61 > [](Journey/061/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 62 > [](Journey/062/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 63 > [](Journey/063/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 64 > [](Journey/064/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 65 > [](Journey/065/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 66 > [](Journey/066/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 67 > [](Journey/067/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 68 > [](Journey/068/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 69 > [](Journey/069/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 70 > [](Journey/070/Readme.md)

## Resting at the Lagoon

- [ ] ☸ 71 > [](Journey/071/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 72 > [](Journey/072/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 73 > [](Journey/073/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 74 > [](Journey/074/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 75 > [](Journey/075/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 76 > [](Journey/076/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 77 > [](Journey/077/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 78 > [](Journey/078/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 79 > [](Journey/079/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 80 > [](Journey/080/Readme.md)

## Deep into the trenches

- [ ] ☸ 81 > [](Journey/081/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 82 > [](Journey/082/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 83 > [](Journey/083/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 84 > [](Journey/084/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 85 > [](Journey/085/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 86 > [](Journey/086/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 87 > [](Journey/087/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 88 > [](Journey/088/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 89 > [](Journey/089/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 90 > [](Journey/090/Readme.md)

## Into the deep sea!

- [ ] ☸ 91 > [](Journey/091/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 92 > [](Journey/092/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 93 > [](Journey/093/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 94 > [](Journey/094/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 95 > [](Journey/095/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 96 > [](Journey/096/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 97 > [](Journey/097/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 98 > [](Journey/098/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 99 > [](Journey/099/Readme.md)
- [ ] ☸ 100 > [](Journey/100/Readme.md)
